General Ideas for Project using Non-Profit as inspiration

A. In a new AZ-400 Lab Create a Donor OU and create 5 AD Users in the Donor OU
B. Given a CSV file containing donor names/emails (use fake info), create a powershell script to autogenerate a thank you email
C.Given a csv file containint donation data for a period of time, create a powershell script that will analyze the data trends by visually displaying charts and graph

Steps:
Download/install Powershell 7
Download/install Visual Studio Code
Download/install Git and configure with global username and email
Install VSC extensions: Powershell and GitHub Pull Request

GitHub:
Create a new Project
Create/update README.md

Project A. Given a CSV file containing donor names/emails (use fake info), create a powershell script to autogenerate a thank you email
Pull Donor information from paypal or donation platform.  For practice and knowledge only.  Do NOT use or post real Donor information on this project!  I will be inserting fake donor names and emails (from the AZ-0400 Lab I will use Users in the Contoso.com domain)
-Using the file as a template (header information).  Create a csv, file using the same header format and insert your list of donors.
1. Write a script to create an OU called Donors under Adatum.com and add 5 AD users with emails.  
2. Write a script to pull those 5 AD Donors and add a donation amount, donation date then output that data into a csv file in the C drive.
3. Create a powershell script that will autogenerate a thank you email, to each donor by name, their donation amount and the donation date.  if unable to auto send the email create an email file instead.

Project B.  Given a CSV file containing donation amounts from the start of using the donation platform.  Use real data from our Non-profit.
1. Export transaction log from paypal for our non-profit (Project Compassion) since we started using it into a csv file
2.  Create a powershell script that will take the csv file and analyze the data by generating different charts and graph for different time frames, by year, etc.
